Aidan Johnson 1890052

"Describe your strategy in finding common elements across the two arrays.
Mention the number of iterations along both arrays as a result of your strategy and any
other "cost" that you believe your strategy may incur."
- Finding the common elements was pretty simple and future proof as involving a separate array as a tally would allow
me to mark how many of each number is used. If the tally array shows more than 1 in the index of the number, that tells
me that there was a common element from the arrays. In finding the common elements, there would only be 2 iterations
along the arrays in total, 1 each, as it's marking down everything in the array. The cost that would be of this is
perhaps a bit of a hit to the compilation as it may need to run through the arrays multiple times to find the location
of the common element and proceed to remove it and move all other elements one spot to the left. This would require a
number of iterations equal to how many common elements there are for each array. It would be a bit of a cost and there
may be better options out there for making the iterations smaller.

"Does this requirement play an important role in your strategy in finding and
 eliminating the common elements? Explain your answer."
- Yes, it does as when making TheList array, it is required to be all in order as well. With the use of a tally array
I am able to keep track of all the numbers at once and have them innately be in order if I was to have the indexes that
are equal to 1 be added to TheList array. As for eliminating, it makes it quite easy as I can search through for only
indexes that equal to 2. That gives me all the common elements.

"Explain your steps in accomplishing this part. Don’t forget to discuss your view
 of the cost of your strategy"
- Merging the arrays into TheList is quite simple as all I needed to do was use the Tally array that was created to
add each index that was equal to 1 to TheList. This required only 1 iteration through the arrays at the same time to add
the different elements. With this strategy, I can't see how you may be able to reduce the cost much further. It's only 1
iteration and will already be sorted automatically.